>> Will Sentance: Let's use it.
Assuming the sample reflects
the population and think about that for
a second.
We're saying that we can't
define a smile except for
by giving a label saying this
is a smile and this is not.
Now, in a very small sample, you might be,
well, that's not very sort of true.
It's not capturing the essence of a smile.
In a larger sample, one would hope
that you've labeled enough that
you are capturing in some
sense the essence of a smile.
But that's vital because that sample
better be reflective of the overall
population.
And the population is all possible images,
4,096 of them, smile or not.
But also in some senses,
hopefully the essence of a smile.
Some labels smile or
not that there is an underlying I'm sorry.
Again, getting a little bit sort of
philosophical in the sense of what is
a data, what is a smile?
Well, it is a collection of [LAUGH] we've
all agreed enough of us have agreed.
That's roughly what a smile looks like.
There is no perfect definition of a smile.
It is only a sample of labeled that we've
agreed that's a smile and that's not.
That is why, by the way,
we mentioned scale AI.
There's also an amazing research
project out of many universities, but
I know about it out of Oxford, that is
about ensuring that the people doing
the labelling of what is increasingly
becoming the truth of our society.
That is judgments on, from models,
the labelers are also representative
of a range of cultures,
experiences, and
definitions of what a smile is.
It's a really phenomenal project
led by some researchers at
Oxford Internet Institute or
at least among others.
But if really very important because it's
literally, that's what's determining.
It's only the definition of the smile as
so far as the sample says 1 and minus 1.
Therefore, okay, so let's go in.
We can use this converter on new images of
population that don't have a label 1 or
minus 1 and run the converter
on it to predict their label.
Running the converter people,
remember this term, inference.
Training is coming up with
the multipliers to do the conversion.
Inference, using those multipliers
on a new set of numbers.
Folk, let's do it.
>> Will Sentance: I think I only say folk
in this room I don't know I've sort of
stopped saying anyway.
So we don't know if it's a smile or not.
Smile, question mark.
Let's apply our multipliers, people.
Let's apply them, let's apply them,
let's apply them.
So multiplied by 0.
I'm gonna put it here just so
we get really clear that we're taking
just those set of multipliers.
I know it's a bit,
do I have to write out again?
But, just so
we know we're using these now and
then we're gonna multiply and
then sum all.
>> Will Sentance: No, Maria, you're up.
You've already done it.
Sorry Kayla, you're up.
Give me everyone together, 0 plus.
>> Ben: 0.
>> Will Sentance: Plus.
>> Will Sentance: Who's the only
one doing this?
Thank you, Ben, amazing.
If it's not, Ben, you're not allowed
to speak now, so everyone else.
>> Speaker 3: Just like grade school.
>> Will Sentance: [LAUGH] that's good.
All right, 0 + 0 + 0 + 0 plus and
not allowed to talk everyone else.
>> Speaker 4: Plus 0, 0.
>> Will Sentance: Yeah.
>> Speaker 4: Plus 0.
>> Speaker 4: Plus unknown.
>> Will Sentance: I don't konw plus
unknown, that's why it's so important,
everybody.
Ben was carrying us, plus what, everyone?
>> Speaker 5: Minus 1.
>> Will Sentance: Negative 1,
1 multiplied by negative 1 and
multiplier is negative 1 here plus.
>> Speaker 4: 0.
>> Will Sentance: Plus.
>> Ben: 0.
>> Will Sentance: Plus 0 by 1.
>> Speaker 4: 0.
>> Will Sentance: 0 Plus 1 by 0.
>> Will Sentance: Sum is 2.
>> Speaker 4: Negative 1.
>> Speaker 5: Negative 1.
>> Will Sentance: Negative 1,
so is this a smile?
According to our samples,
definition of a smile.
Is this a smile?
No, well done everybody.
No smile, well done folk.
All right, so really good.
Let's get some names of this stuff down.
We've trained our set of multipliers
to work 100% accuracy for our sample.
Our training stage is 100% accurate.
We've then used that set
of multipliers to run
on our new image of whatever this is, and
said smile, and we've evaluated it, and
we've inferred, inference, -1, no smile.
So let's get some names of this stuff.
What are these numbers known as?
Who knows the name of these numbers?
These people, 1,2,3,4,5,
these 12 are, what?
>> Speaker 4: The vectors?
>> Will Sentance: No.
>> Speaker 4: Parameters?
>> Will Sentance: The weights.
>> Speaker 5: The weights.
>> Will Sentance: That's
all they are people.
>> Speaker 4: Gotcha.
>> Will Sentance: That's all they are.
The multipliers are the weights.
That's all they are.
That profound thing of neural networks.
It's these 12 numbers multiplying our
input pixels that when multiplied,
we get, and sum up an output, or
at least a converted output, and
compare it to our target, if it matches.
Our model's weights are good.
Okay, our weights.
This is a layer of weights.
The word layer is used so
flexibly in this space that
you could also say this is a layer
of pixels, an input layer.
Input layer, layer weights.
We could also call this output value,
the summed output value, the output layer.
So in a sense, there's 1,
2, 3, layers here.
But we'd never call this
a three layer network.
We'd call this a single layer network,
neural network because it has
a single layer of weights.
So this here, people,
is a single layer neural network.
Single layer of weights.
And it's successfully
trained on our sample,
on our training data,
to successfully trained, achieve a fit.
For our sample, for our training data,
that allows us to then make
inferences about new images, okay?
Association with brain
structure more metaphorical.
The term neural network, obviously,
suggests patterns similar to the brain.
It's more metaphorical,
just to be specific, first the nodes here,
that's the pixels, but
are equivalent to neurons,
if you know biology or neuroscience
better than me and the connections.
Things that take those input values and
connect them through
to an output value are similar to
what you would say in America,
the synapses that we say in the UK
synapses, but it's more metaphorical.
The math that goes on in identifying
what the right weights or
multipliers are, at least until recently,
does not appear.
And in fact, is it Crick?
The person who identified DNA, when these
ideas first started to emerge, wrote a big
piece saying it is absolutely in no way
similar to a neural Network in the brain.
But there is indication that some of the
ways in which multipliers are identified
in an artificial, that's what we do and
we're doing today.
Neural network might actually look
a lot more like the brain's way
of developing these patterns.
I think if you think about we've
identified the algorithm and
your network that at scale best
captures complexity in our world,
complexity data distributions.
That is so similar or at least
analogous potentially to the brain,
which is the most brilliant tool for
understanding complexity of data
to distributions obviously ever.
Well, I said that, depending on one's
belief system, but is pretty profound,
it's not unlikely that there
might be some serious analogy.
And the research right now looks at
are there ways in which the artificial,
the ones that are in the brain, neural
networks might identify these multipliers,
we're gonna see how to do that in a
moment, that is more like the brain does.
And does the brain, actually, sometimes
do things that are more like the way that
artificial neural networks go about
identifying these multipliers as well?
And if it is, maybe there is greater
similarity than purely analogy, okay?
Before you do thumbs or
I think we just keep going for
a second and do thumbs so
do these multipliers have any meaning.
They must do something it must be that
they mean something if they're that good.
Converting, do they mean something?
The different numbers multiply each pixel,
have some potential meaning,
but it's very contingent on
how we set this problem up,
how we label the data, and
what we say the pixel numbers are.
So in this case, where pixels are dark
when they are a feature of the face.
So, it's not actually,
literally the color of the feature.
It's more the shadows.
If you look at someone's eyes,
they're darker because of a shadow.
There's an edge in a three
dimensional space.
There's a going from my
hands all over my face,
going from here to in here.
Where the features are darker,
meaning shadow particularly.
So mouth, again, lips, shadow eyes.
If we've given numbers of
positive number for that and
stuff where not much is
going on in the face.
A 0 and we've said a positive number
of 1 when there's a smile and
a negative number of negative 1,
sorry, when there's not then.
The multipliers will be positive for those
pixels, there's a positive 1, for those,
pixels that are most pixels being stuff,
pixels which are most distinctive
stuffs going on in the smile images
where the output is positive.
Because then the one multiplied by
the one is a one which is positive,
which gives us our target.
And the multipliers will be negative,
where the pixels
with stuff going on are most
distinctive to the not smile.
Because then we get a thing going on,
negative, negative, and
that's associated with a not smile.
So in this setup, the multipliers
act a little bit like correlations.
You'll see high positive for
pixels, strongly correlated or
associated with pixels that
are important in the smile or
to pixels that it's important
that they're dark in the smile.
So think about a smile,
the lower bit is where the dark is.
And when you smile the lower
bit is where the light is or
it's the north shadow Everyone got that?
So in this case, there'll be correlations.
High positive multipliers for
pixels strongly associated, correlated
with a smile 1, and negative with those
strongly associated with smile 0.
But it's only because we defined
smile 1 and minus 1 as the labels and
therefore the numbers match.
And we define not much going on as 0 and
lots of stuff going on as 1.
So they look like correlations here,
but it's not intrinsic.
It's how we label the stuff.
We gotta label these other,
we gotta label these flipped and
now they'd be reversed
[LAUGH] it doesn't matter.
I think what is deeper true is that
the multipliers have more stuff
going on when there's more important
stuff going on in those pixels.
So there's some important stuff
going on expect bigger numbers,
because we wanna generate
out some numbers.
But even that's contingent on me
wanting the output of 1 and minus 1 and
not an output of 0 for stuff going on.
But at very least, whatever you do,
there's some association between
stuff going on in the pixels and
the underlying data.
Stuff happening and weights or
multipliers being more non zero,
thing happening with them.
For those pixels that have stuff going on
either towards an image of a smile or not.
And that does capture,
even at a scale neural network,
there's some sense of that.
Stuff going on has greater,
weight or importance to it.
But it's very specifically looks a bit
like correlation only because of how we
set the problem up.